Add PyTorch Lazy Initialization (#2112)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_builders-guide/lazy-init.md

Once all parameter shapes are known,
the framework can finally initialize the parameters.

:begin_tab:`pytorch`

> The following method
> passes in an input
> to infer all parameter shapes
> before initializing parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following method
passes in a dummy input
through the network
for a dry-run
to infer all parameter shapes
and subsequently initializes the parameters.
```

Author: This reads better. Thanks

Once all parameter shapes are known,
the framework can finally initialize the parameters.

:begin_tab:`pytorch`
The following method
passes in a dummy input
through the network
for a dry run
to infer all parameter shapes
and subsequently initializes the parameters.
It will be used later when default random initializations are not desired.
:end_tab:

```{.python .input}
%%tab pytorch
@d2l.add_to_class(d2l.Module)  #@save

> def apply_init(self, init, X):

Reviewer 2: X should be a list or a tuple to accommodate cases where multiple inputs are required.

> def apply_init(self, init, X):

Author: In this case let's call `X` as `inputs` (use plural to indicate a container for better readability)
